Add custom package settings (#5027)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Package-Settings.md

# ML-Agents Package Settings

> ML-Agents Package Settings contains settings that applies to the whole project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ML-Agents Package Settings contains settings that apply to the whole project.
```

> It allows you to configure the settings in the editor and these settings are used in both editor and player build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows you to configure ML-Agents-specific settings in the Editor.  These settings are available for use in both the Editor and Player.
```
